% Reda: please have a look at this section and consider revising
%       as appropriate.  -Scott
\textcolor{red} {Reda: I will improve this Section!}


Our work is different from pioneer studies on patent retrieval, as we
closely looked into the problem rather than solutions to figure out
the causes that generic IR models which are based on term matching
process, do not work efficiently in patent domain. Magdy et
al.~\cite{magdy2011study} studied works on query expansion in patent
retrieval and discussed that standard query expansion techniques are
less effective, where the initial query is the full texts of query
patents. Mahdabi et al.~\cite{Mahdabi2013} used term proximity
information to identify expansion terms. Ganguly et
al.~\cite{ganguly2011patent} adapted pseudo relevance feedback for
query reduction by decomposing a patent application into constituent
text segments and computing the Language Modelling (LM) similarities
of each segment from the top ranked documents. The least similar
segments to the pseudo-relevant documents removed from the query,
hypothesizing it can increase the precision of retrieval. Kim et
al.~\cite{kim2014diversifying} provided diverse query suggestion using
aspect identification from a patent query to increase the chance of
retrieving relevant documents. Mahdabi et al.~\cite{mahdabi2014patent}
used linked-based structure of the citation graph together with IPC
classification to improve the initial patent query.
